README.rst, before:

Alogator
============

Alogator is an aggregated logging actor system.

Installation
------------

To get the latest stable release from PyPi

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install alogator

To get the latest commit from GitHub

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install -e git+git://github.com/arteria/alogator.git#egg=alogator

TODO: Describe further installation steps (edit / remove the examples below):

Add ``alogator`` to your ``INSTALLED_APPS``

.. code-block:: python

    INSTALLED_APPS = (
        ...,
        'alogator',
    )

Add the ``alogator`` URLs to your ``urls.py``

.. code-block:: python

    urlpatterns = patterns('',
        ...
        url(r'^alogator/', include('alogator.urls')),
    )

Before your tags/filters are available in your templates, load them by using

.. code-block:: html

	{% load alogator_tags %}


Don't forget to migrate your database

.. code-block:: bash

    ./manage.py migrate alogator


Usage
-----

TODO: Describe usage or point to docs. Also describe available settings and
templatetags.


Contribute
----------

If you want to contribute to this project, please perform the following steps

.. code-block:: bash

    # Fork this repository
    # Clone your fork
    mkvirtualenv -p python2.7 alogator
    make develop

    git co -b feature_branch master
    # Implement your feature and tests
    git add . && git commit
    git push -u origin feature_branch
    # Send us a pull request for your feature branch

Commit message:

Filled and adapted source code for generic usage - filled into reusable app, adapted readme.

README.rst, after:

Alogator
============

Alogator is an aggregated logging actor system. PLEASE NOTE: This Django app is in α state! Don't use it yet - unless you're ready to falling down the rabbit hole. ;-) 


Installation
------------

To get the latest stable release from PyPi

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install alogator

To get the latest commit from GitHub

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install -e git+git://github.com/arteria/alogator.git#egg=alogator

TODO: Describe further installation steps (edit / remove the examples below):

Add ``alogator`` to your ``INSTALLED_APPS``

.. code-block:: python

    INSTALLED_APPS = (
        ...,
        'alogator',
    )




Don't forget to create the tables for your database

.. code-block:: bash

    ./manage.py syncdb alogator


Usage
-----

TODO: Describe usage or point to docs. Also describe available settings and
templatetags.


TODO
----

* Customizable temporary working dir instead of /tmp


Histroy
-------

Please refer to CHANGELOG.txt

Contribute
----------

If you want to contribute to this project, please perform the following steps

.. code-block:: bash

    # Fork this repository
    # Clone your fork
    mkvirtualenv -p python2.7 alogator
    make develop

    git co -b feature_branch master
    # Implement your feature and tests
    git add . && git commit
    git push -u origin feature_branch
    # Send us a pull request for your feature branch
